I can assure you sir if you give me this
opportunity you won't be disappointed
this company is indeed lucky to have
bright young people like you Sarah was
on the fast track to success
just think honey in a couple of months
you'll have a glass office like me it's
gonna be goodbye to the boiler room
hello big time until something
unexpected happened something wrong
throughout this morning I'm not pregnant
prove me wrong let's see accuracy of
these things anyway have you told the
father it's your body and your choice if
you decide to not have it it's best he
never even knows about it I can't have
an abortion what's there to decide a
child is going to change everything do
you really think they're gonna give the
konnex account to a pregnant woman three
visions the Lord will give you three
visions happy birthday mommy
I made breakfast you think that God
still reveals himself to people through
visions well first of all I would never
be in close position you are in close
position
I'm pregnant he's not ready for this is
anybody ever ready to have a baby
Jennifer found out I'm pregnant I know I
told her you told her you can't have an
abortion it seems a little late in the
day for God to start caring about me and
my needs you've been given the
opportunity to see things from a divine
perspective
Rebecca CJ's Andreea Logan white I made
my choice you're gonna have to make
yours just make sure it's a decision
that you come up with Brad Stein love
isn't this thing that sticks to certain
people loves living for others you wait
and do that for Sarah with Shirley
Tilton and dig that bad you're at a
crossroad and the Lord is here for you
whatever it is that you're facing you
don't have to face it alone
Sara's joys
you